So I think we can not live if old people could not find siences and tecnologies and they did not developped . 
For not use car . 
Here was no promise of morning except that we looked up through the trees we saw how low the forest had swung . 
Thus even today sex is considered as the least important topic in many parts of India . 
image you salf you are wark in factory just to do one thing like pot taire on car if they fire you you will destroy , becouse u dont know more than pot taire in car . 
They draw the consumers , like me , to purchase this great product with all these amazing ingredients and all that but actually they just sometimes make something up just to increase their sales . 
I want to talk about nocive or bad products like alcohol , hair spray and cigarrets . 
For example they can play football whenever they want but the olders can not . 
It figures Diana Krall wearing a Rolex watch and has a text that suggests that if the reader wants to belong to the restricted club , not necessarily of Rolex watch wearers , but of highly talented , sophisticated and competent artists , he or she should also have a Rolex . 
There are several reason . 
Also the work of the media , television , magazines , and every stuff made for publicity affects the emotions of many people around the world , encouraging them to buy and buy anything they can . 
Since most urban areas are occupied with cars , they are all facing up with an irresistible problem of air and noise pollution . 
It is true that consumers preffer to buy a product that has a lower price , but when international companies that has already the certification begins to send its market , people will preffer to consume theirs because the difference between prices is probbably not going to affect them to much . 
4:they have a big chance to prepare for their future life 
One person if do n't have good health that means so many things they could lost . 
Many studies over the last 5 0 years have shown that people who have fluoride in their drinking water are considerably have less cavities than people who have not drinking nonfluoridated water . 
Likewise , The theory generating from the concept of memory is also not the appropriate way due to limited memory . 
because they spent time unmeaningful subjects . 
I was very fast , my best time was 5 5 seconds in 4 0 0 hundred meters is a good time in or country . 
And young people spend time more ther lifestile . 
If in this society who will not to do study they never concept there opportunity or ca n't understand any ideas so most of the important that in this situation and I also very interestion and also prefer that for the study material . 
We have to know this problem it 's serious but almost people doens't know about this . 
Students can focus on only a few subjects they are intwerested in and they will become an experts in those areas . 
But in other waythismakes other way country need to pay extra money to make , repair the roads What they did is reduce the amount of gas consumers , high the gas tax , and low the income tax because they thought , only rise the gas tax is unfair . 
Today , MBA students with a background in engineering are in high demand . 
In the case of young people the best way is studying as hard as possible to get better grades so in the future they will have better chance to find better jobs . 
So the school try learning the students a bit in every science exist . 
I think they have to get skill on it . 
Specializing in one particular subject does not suit our life in this era which is characterized by diversity and innovation 
I will explain my points of views in the following paragraphs . 
He thinks differently from other people and he succeded . 
These activities make the community a better place to live in and inculcate these values in all the members . 
Beacuse all those broad knowledge help they to understand their major in university as well as help they to make a correct choice in specializing study . 
And it was very easy to me to understand why he always brang bad marks at home . 
Then when we went to the Science Olympiad , she could have diverse knowledges about the subects and it was not new for her to think about new things . 
If every people thinks to learn and understand lots of scientifc subjects , any person will do not do it and as a result of this any science is n't imporeved . 
Thus in concordance with the above I agree whole heartedly that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . 
Third the butt it in hte front of the door of store to make the poeple see it even if it is not good 
However , are these things all good to people ? 
Very soon they will run out at the current rate of utilisation . 
In the lecture , however , professor oppose the reading statement . 
But YOU have to create these opportunities . 
Throughts our lives needs talk about our familys . 
They try new things . 
Inorder to do this , they would need to learn additionally skills , either theoretical or practical , that would increase their understanding and future application of their chosen subject . 
if you want a product you give create a beautiful image around it if you want sell it . 
Secondly the place of the film must must be very clear and chir must be relax etc . 
and will put you maind on a non-stop learning ... 
this will the proof of speeding offense so that polices can easily catch them. . 
In today 's Compuer skill is first important life skill . 
New and new technology has been introduced to the society .
One possible outcome is that an environmentally-induced reduction in motorization levels in the richer countries will outweigh any rise in motorization levels in the poorer countries .
Every person needs to know a bit about math , sciences , arts , literature and history in order to stand out in society .
While the travel company will most likely show them some interesting sites in order for their customers to advertise for their company to their family and friends , it is highly unlikely , that the company will tell about the sites that were not included in the tour -- for example due to entrance fees that would make the total package price overly expensive .
Disadvantage is parking their car is very difficult .
Bigger farming are use more chemical product and substance to feed fish .
Forexample , My cousin is 12years old .
if it does , you will only get some misundrestood idea about that acticle but not the original one .
Secondly , chimp can also present the capability for grammer which means it can demonstrate the ability to combine words and be able to use grammatical constructions .
Nevertheless , this city is having a big change .
I think to learn facts is only an evidence if the students can work hard and if they are able to keep every detailled information as tought , but it 's definitly not an evidence for their intelligence .
Unforturntly , almost older people can not use internet , in spite of benefit of internet .
So , if i have alot of information about this subject , i will taulk too much with knowledge but if i have general information for this subject , i will talk about this subjec with my limited knowlege and this case may be make me shame like when my brother asked me about some thing but i have not alot of information about this thing .
becuse if i see some one did somthing to may safe me time and engy and it wok 's i will do it .
The government should think about the whole nature .
They will not be able to compete with other similar brands and the product will fizzle out or die .
People are now opening their eyes to the scenario when we would run out of fuel .
For me it was great because I need to talk on the phone locally and nationally for long periods of time .
They only care if the effects are good and popular among the crowds .
That is why calculated risks , as one could call them , are the predecessors of big success , because they get people 's attention by giving people new options .
He said in other words that the more flouride may create damage in human body , specifically the bone .
When these people create their new ideas others often look very strange on them .
You will learn to socialize with people .
No ohter transportation concept has been as successful as the car , not only because the goog street and highway system throughout the United States and Europe , but only because off the fact , that people love their cars .
If they prefer to choose cars than motor bike , that means there will be many cars .
That 's why he is a legend in these days and people repect him .
for example , in math club , teachers usually teach us how to solve a math problem using vary ways .
In order hand , when I was a fresh man in my college , I could concentrate on my favorit subjects .
I have an IBM computer and my laptop is DELL .
Air in China is not so clean because of cars .
When price of gas goes up , the consumer do not want buy gas for fuels .
although , learning more subjects gives us a huge knowledge which is make me sucssesfu in my study .
When you`re making a tour guide trip , you already have a everything settled from the time you`re departing to the time you arrive .
On the other hand , although in Turkey the public transportation is getting developed especially in the two big cities , that is , Ankara and istanbul , it is still nothing compared to Sweden .
This rebuffs the reading passage 's claim that there is no improvement .
As they are involved with study , they donot get enough time to look after their community .
However , I strongly maintained that traveling by their own gives a lot of advantages .
The even ask themself how this kind of things did n't cross their mind .
People tends to choose other medias , and that is why litterature is in danger .
I cast doubt that twenty years is too short time to prove the problem .
So for these reasons i really believe that it 's important to have a broad knowledge on different subjects , instead of being focused on just one , because sometime the answer that we are searching for , we can easily find it in a field that can seems not related to our purpose .
I am pleased to know intelligent peple and learn about things which I do n't know .
To resolve this problem , the governments of the cities are likely to improve the public transportation system by building new subway system and adding more lines for buses .
I know lots of old people who go to parties , stay always in contact with others people .
But these thing seem to hard for old people , they move so hardly , and do n't have health body to play this thing like sports .
For example , if you understand the idea that all diseases , caused by microorganisms , are treated with the antibiotics , you will never use antidepressants .
I like about that , but after that it 's gradually starting boring and finally I did n't have interesting about all the stuff .
In her salary we cant buy some car because we are planing to finish our hause in Binangonan , Rizal and we will planing to finish my study in Boston .
so the information technology and advanced technology are so much increased .
Even more relevant to the seduction of advertisement is the fact that quite frequently those images of perfection placed in front of our eyes are just mirages and illusions , bodies touched up by computer programs and therefore , they do not resemble reality at all .